Update domains.blade.md (#156)
stancl/tenancy-docs: source/docs/v3/domains.blade.md

For local development, you may use `*.localhost` domains (like `foo.localhost`) for tenants. On many operating systems, these work the same way as `localhost`.

> If you're using Valet, you may want to use e.g. `saas.test` for the central domain and `foo.saas.test`, `bar.saas.test` etc for tenant domains. Use the valet link command to point multiple domains to a single source if you are using multiple domains. Open the terminal in the project folder and run the command `valet link foo.test`. You can point to as many domains as you want. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using Valet, you may want to use e.g. `saas.test` for the central domain and `foo.saas.test`, `bar.saas.test` etc for tenant domains. Alternatively, if you want to use **multiple second-level domains**, you can use the `valet link` command to attach additional domains to the project. For example: `valet link bar.test`
```
